[DOC] Clarify scope of queue settings (#12955)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/persistent-queues.asciidoc

[[configuring-persistent-queues]]
==== Configuring persistent queues

> To configure persistent queues, specify options in the Logstash <<logstash-settings-file,settings file>>.
> The settings will be applied to every pipelines, capacity and sizing settings values are to be intended per pipeline.
> If you want to define them for a specific pipeline, use <<multiple-pipelines, `pipelines.yml`>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure persistent queues, specify options in the Logstash <<logstash-settings-file,settings file>>.
Settings are applied to every pipeline.

When you set values for capacity and sizing settings, remember that the value you set is applied _per pipeline_ rather than a total to be shared among all pipelines. 

TIP: If you want to define values for a specific pipeline, use <<multiple-pipelines,`pipelines.yml`>>.
```

Reviewer 2: I like the wording, @lucabelluccini  WDYT? Is better, can we commit it and move forward with all the backports with the @karenzone help?

Author: The rewording made by @karenzone is even more explicit. I like it.

==== Configuring Persistent Queues

To configure persistent queues, you can specify the following options in the
Logstash <<logstash-settings-file,settings file>>.

> The settings will be applied to all pipelines and values are per pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The settings will be applied to every pipelines, capacity and sizing settings values are to be intended per pipeline.
```
